Dross you look like adora the
explorer with that cut dros you
think you look like adora the explorer
with that agricultural demeanor dude I don't
know kid I don't know are you getting involved Ah
but yours is not smoked yours is
injected and they are injections in the anus dad
because the trip you're taking is
so big
ah the trip you're taking is so
big me he didn't just invite me he
just insulted me Dr be careful what you eat
thinking you're
gargling with pap's balls
God this is probably the streamer
with the most cancellable phrases per live and
at the same time he is the most viewed streamer in
Latin America his comments are so
common in his live streams that his
viewers have normalized them that or
most likely they are people who
think like him homophobic comments
discriminatory sexist comments and
even getting high live and all of this
awarded by the public This video is not going to be
about wescol's controversies
Although I will go over some of them
to provide context this is simply
a compilation of some
misogynistic comments  disgusting homophobes and
sexists and the strongest are at the
end so don't move Until
the video ends, yes, before I start
exposing you all I want to share with
you this clip of chocas in which he
claims that this man should have been
nominated as streamer of the year
chocas Why at the end of the video
I want shocka to please
answer me Why what is supposed to be
created here do you want to put
me okay everyone is okay I don't think there is
a clear fourth I think there is
a clear third I think wescol is
third Clear In my opinion opinion yes
In my opinion yes I know that I make a lot of
enemies with this but it is what I think
being a very analytical person I
think he deserved to be in the top
four so I felt very flattered to
be among the four finalists and
thanks to all of you who voted for me
both streamers and audience but I
missed wescol the truth is I don't know if
Spring or me should have fallen but but
wesc deserved the top four the truth
is he deserved it I think to be honest he
did  he deserved it, he had a great year, I think
being on Kick also clouds
your data You are really cloudy kati
vipi that wescol deserved to be
nominated as streamer of the year dude it's
literally the numbers here
absolutely nothing is valued When you
see one of these criticizing attitudes
going from something of the morals of others
to do it literally in this video
we are going to see what type of
content creation this is in fact we can't
stop mentioning in this intro
what happened today and the sudden change of direction that
wesco made regarding his opinion
on the eslam it went from that he didn't
like them I have no intention and I am not
interested in being part of the
eslam awards So don't waste your time
tagging me or relating us to
awards that I am not interested in
participating in and people are going to say
calm down G maybe they weren't going to invite you
because people are like that eh whatever it is
I am telling you as a
community not to do it so that you don't
waste your time eh reason the reason
directly It is that I feel that they are
awards because I do not like to
participate in  something that I see is
false I don't like to participate in something that I
see is a lie I don't like to
participate in it dude suddenly
seeing the possibility of being nominated
and having his ego stroked it was great for him to
go to Andorra because he had a
trip to Rome because everyone knows
that Andorra is very close to Rome let's say
I sometimes walk from one country
to another it turns out marija it was just on
the date or rather it was two days after
Andorra if you know what I mean I mean if I travel
to the awards it's in two days from
there to Rome I would stay next to it I would
stay next to it if you know what I mean
So he really appreciated gref who
is one of the few who have respected him
a lot and he owes it to him West spoke about his
possible attendance at the eslan awards
due to the respect and appreciation he has
for gref I really say it I would go to
the awards Simply because I
really really like gref
and that [ __ ] has all my respect the
last thing I saw of wescol from the eslam was
a clip in which he said Ah Those [ __ ]
awards  [ __ ] I don't give a
damn I mean he didn't ask not to be
nominated but he shat on the awards 38
times let's see how gref respects
Once he's been left out of the
nominations Hey dude I was
waiting for you a while ago I was saying
What are the slam nominations Ah
I don't want Queen [ __ ] as an Award
not only does he no longer respect gr but he does
n't like the awards he thinks they're
[ __ ] and whoever is interested has
strange taste why [ __ ] award
because it's [ __ ] we feel
proud of that yeah yeah V Feel
proud how good Ah well each to
his own strange taste wol is a
turncoat who I have heard on
numerous occasions state that he doesn't
need the elite group that he
doesn't want a side that he flies alone
so if they go after them it's
because they are jerks because they only
suck at them do you think I need that
I came to kik alone I was only the
first Latin American to sign on kiik
the first Spanish speaker to arrive
with an official contract to kiik let's see if
others give the  steps dude let's see if they
start doing their own work
dude they're turning off And that's the
problem they're doing daddy You
think I need to go to YouTube
Because YouTube makes suggest they think that they have to
leave because they are
burning and that getting into
these people's things at events And in this type
of group of sucking each other's [ __ ] was
counterproductive because it depended on
others and not on you I don't really like to
participate in those things mostly
because of the fact that it's the same
old thing Oh wescol And wescol what are you doing
well a week ago he tells you the Stream
have you seen all of Latin America before
that I made you a bingo before that I
did interviews with you before that estua
nillan Arcngel tin tin I made you a
Stream of terror in a building people
want my viewers came out of
nowhere that he was absolutely not interested in
participating in absolutely
anything that all these
people organized and that he would always go his own way the
Spanish hope that auron Play IB eh
from greev or one of the big ones Create
a series of  Minecraft for me to say wow
Now there is content pasta mana that's
what the Spanish do waiting for
the Great to do something for them to
get into that apart from having
tried to flatter greb to
invite him to the eslam A few days ago he was
begging ibai to give him a
fight in the evening he participated in
the big game of youtubers where he got
injured and even Now he has a team
in the King lit Where he has stated several
times that he has fewer viewers
doing that than what he normally does
now we will see what he
normally does And why it attracts so much
attention the truth is that I have no
idea why they haven't put him in
the eslam I don't think it has
absolutely anything to do with the fact that the
moment they put the kin on him he
showed La Patita yuna whatever they call it I
don't like it being that she is a
very correct girl I like the
correct girls I like The bandits the
bad ones the dirty ones the guerrillas Those
are the ones I like they understand me
Those are the ones I like a bald one
that one says  Oh daddy what a nice
tit I don't like bro I like to
say an old lady Have some
nice tits and for the old lady to tell me and you
also have a really fat bosom daddy
an old lady who tells me that I fall in love I fall in
love instantly respectable No
the truth I like Luna let's see I'll
tell you one thing I'm not going to say I
like the
fat chinox I say that yes yes I am in a
relationship you know that I don't really follow
the King Lich issue but from the
little I know and I think you do
too It's that they have a
male team and they usually have another
female team in fact both presidents, the one
from the male team and the one from the female team
usually work hand in hand and make
decisions together I can already imagine
wcol having to work hand in hand
with a colleague without sending her to the
kitchen no matter what people say
if the old lady is hot you have to tell her
baby she's hot why can't I
tell her that she has a beautiful esthete
because she was one to me but I was
telling her you saw those three heads
that
woman had
sorry
eh Okay  I'm going to move on to the next
guest guys let's
see here I'm Javel I Veira
welcome one more day to my channel on
this channel you're going to find out about all the
youtuber gossip and this time I
bring you a video that will not leave you
indifferent if you like and are interested in
this type of content Do not forget to
subscribe to the Channel and give me a like so
that I realize the hhc gumi I
can't say the name of this very well they
call them that they are a kind of
hallucinogenic candy apparently it is
a drug that is not yet
regularized so there are some
legal loopholes and they can be obtained with
some ease in Mari stores
apparently the effect it causes is quite
strong and lasts for several hours and the
long-term effect is still unknown which
line people see the line that I
tried to tell them if they see it or not baby There Look
here Here is a line No baby ot that doesn't
have What line baby Look at this is a
line this already knows what you're talking about the
feeling of wanting to vomit stop a
crazy one of the Oh [ __ ] be that  by Es mar
I started talking like that to
walk
in But nielo you
really are crazy dude what J that is very
crazy sea you know it makes me
sad that one never
understands But listen to me you know what
we are like but it's that people are not
going to believe me dude this [ __ ] thinks that
I'm [ __ ] around but you're going to forgive me and
not for being delicate yet the thing about
the chupi exam I can get through it
on certain occasions or that you take
a matcha some rum and coke while
you're live Although if you can
avoid it better but doing live shows
getting high on hallucinogenic candy and
this is sponsored not only this
but from westcol there are a lot
of scenes where you're smoking smoking
things that you can't smoke And this is
part of their content as if I were
playing fortnite hit it hard no but
what is
that seem like like this
wait I can't do it Oy [ __ ] he
got into me even
e guys someone pa let's see Uy
pair that's why I don't like doing that
[ __ ] dude I don't get it you get it how
rich it is Put invent  a bag before
going into his comments and
behavior with women I would
like to remember his fight with Juan
Guarnizo and Ari Gameplay the insults he
made to Ari are not by far the
strongest that you are going to see in the video but it has
been a quite
discussed and quite viral thing Juan Guarnizo
Play does not need many introductions
but you already know that they are quite
controversial people who usually know how to choose
their enemies quite well depending on
who it is they get angrier or
less angry they usually attack people who have
fewer numbers Like for example Agustn
51 or wescol himself in his day or
position themselves against or in favor depends on
how frowned upon the streamer is for
example in the case of shas they do
have a regular relationship but
however with gref despite the things
that are said there is quite a good
vibe Or at least they try not the thing that
banned her from twit for a
long time without any kind of
explanation but it was something related
to sensual content I don't know if
specifically for some image for some
dance for wearing some clothes that didn't
like Twitch the thing is that Juan
went to Twitter to tag
Twitch because wescol
had a girl in her underwear
twerking on his Stream which is not allowed I don't know
if it is allowed now but at the time it was not
allowed and Juan with all the diffusion he has
started tagging Twitch
asking for the ban of this guy like they
had banned the woman Well he
needed to ban
more people in fact it is not only that he
caused the bam in fact he asked
for the bam to be permanent which
seems to me to be a regular character until
now the narrative they have
always had is that wesco insulted Ari because
Ari had never messed
with him and that because of his fight with Juan without
coming to the point he had messed with the
woman without wanting to justify the
comment he made to Ari because it is not
justified with anything but the reality is
that Ari has messed with him
when her husband was asking for the
permanent bumper So wcol would be
unable to work on the
platform she also put a tweet
supporting this petition  which would
surely help the complaint
reach Twitch And you ban wcol
knowing this Now the truth is that it
grates on me a little having heard
Juan with a lamb voice on some
occasions talking about his fight with wcol
as if he hadn't done anything and he
knows that he behaved very badly and I have never
received an apology for it the only thing I
see are clips of him talking about me
what we would have done together
was similar and it is not so that is the
only thing that reaches me when
someone crosses a line and when someone
directly messes with my family to
attack me they simply use my
wife she is a person that I literally
block from my life I genuinely am not
interested in having a relationship with him
that he apologizes but I have the
right to excuse him or not and if it is up to me to
decide the truth is that I think I do
not excuse him Juan there are people who have
messed with your wife and you have wanted to
forgive him For example windy And yes yes it
is true that each of us has the
right to accept an
apology or not and to choose who we
want  excuse me And to whom not but it
seems a little strange to me it gives me a bad
feeling that Juan has his head
down This guy and it makes him very angry
that he has surpassed him I have been
trying to find out if wco had
done something to Ari for Ari to
participate in these requests to have
his channel closed and really the
only thing I have found has been a couple
of comments from wbc that are
unpleasant because this guy is his
condition in these first two tweets
we see a wescol who was surely a
follower of Ari Gameplay because he
really liked the video games he
played but for example Here we do
have a comment that could be
unfortunate the tweet from hari says I'm going to
meet Capri min How exciting and
wescol responds with scissors that in case you do
n't know what he means by that I
can't explain it very graphically
but it is called the sexual act when
a girl gets together with another girl it is what
comes to mind when two
friends are going to meet then there is
this other tweet that obviously I have to
censor but on Twitter it is not
censored in which Ari is  eh
showing her hair Everyone is uploading
pictures of their hair and I didn't want to be
left behind I really like how my
hair looks here you literally have two
braids Ari and with all due respect you
could have your head shaved in that photo and the
likes and
retweets would be the same I don't get
wescol's point in this tweet I don't know if he
's making fun of her because he's not
showing his hair but his body or if it
's just an ironic tweet because he
likes the photo I think it could be
either of the two but oh well I don't know
what you all think but basically
nothing serious enough for Ari to want his
channel shut down and for the guy to not be
able to work on Twitch in fact
apparently before things got heated
while Juan was posting those tweets
wescol tried to fix things with him
privately but Juan didn't stop until he got
banned Likewise wescol obviously
lost all his mind because of the way he
expressed himself towards Ari the only one listen to
the only tax reform that supports the
ugly son of a [ __ ]
Juan  guarnizo is the reform of
Ari Gameplays' silicone ass the only son
of a [ __ ] this insult did not even come in
response to the controversy they were
having but it was a long time
later with a political controversy that was going on
about Colombia in which Juan did not
want to enter and they denounced him in Colombia
For not wanting to get involved in what wcol
responded with that The move is that
while they were arguing and the times
that they have thrown some indirect criticism,
Juan's criticism that he had it very easy
attacking how inappropriate this
boy is in itself always attacked the same thing to
the numbers basically mocking
that wcol had many fewer numbers than
him ton So he is legend with
1300 I am legend I am the biggest son of a [ __ ]
on
Twitch 4 months Oh sit here pedal
Juan for some reason found it
funny that someone had 1300
viewers like If that were very little
or something despicable, they bathed me, they
banned me and when they
banned me Valeria knows that,
all the people who were with me
around know it I fell into  depr told me I
cried a lot dude because daddy was my
food he messed with what I
ate and when he messed with me like
that all I thought was that it
was out of envy You can't
tell someone that you admire them and then
attack them like that he already knew that I was
going to be great the next thing after
that what happened well I insulted him I
insulted his family I insulted his
wife and I even insulted the dog and if I
had a grandmother I would insult
grandma and grandpa why Because he
can live with a few insults and the
wife can also live with a few
insults but I I can't live without
food he messed directly with my
food daddy he messed like a jerk with what
my family supported and what
I supported myself with he had cards in that
matter pa Then I answered Why
first because I lived in Calatrava, I
mean I thought I was in a difficult environment
daddy if I did not respond to him
that way more then really I am not a
kid from that neighborhood however wcol I
will  remember what you say to
people who don't have anything to eat because
he's Venezuelan and they refer to
women like that no I don't have Venezuelans
And until now seriously until now they have to be
resting to
get up early seo be you know your
audience according to wesco has commented on
several occasions he has
publicly apologized to Ari I have not found
those apologies I have to say it and
when I grew up I understood that I had
made a mistake and I
publicly apologized for what I said to the
things of al I publicly apologized
to Juan Guarnizo and still nothing the man
kept his ego and people continued
putting my m why Because he's a
kid I hear that it doesn't make sense if
I had the balls to I had the
manliness to ask for forgiveness Knowing dude
that I didn't even have it I asked for forgiveness I did
n't have to do it I was 18 19
years old I didn't understand what I was doing
I got really angry because of it and he
justifies everything with the fact that Juan tried to
take his job Ed knows what it was like
for me that a community of  20,000
people will throw [ __ ] at me there's even a
very viral tweet where he
literally says that I have to focus
that if I don't focus I'll stay down and
immediately responds to that tweet
saying like and my response It had
more viewers than your tweet Well of course
dude I didn't know anyone and he
humiliated me and treated me badly because of that and his
friends humiliated me and
treated me badly because of that daddy that's not how
life works You don't take someone
and insult them like that there's always a reason and
the reason was that but people aren't going to
see my reason and they're only going to see what
the other guy is going to say because I had 300
people and he had 20,000 Who's going to
listen to the one with 300 people nobody nobody is
going to listen to him why Because he had
20,000 and he attacked me he packed me up he threw me let's
see in honor of the truth I have to
bring you the truth And what he
said there is not true He Shares the
top Twitch viewers in which
Juan  had an average of 25 and he had
an average of 15 and without Come to the point it's not
that I share it to be happy for
his numbers but he mentions Juan as if to
say hey I'm getting closer Ay
juanqui Hahaha So then Juan
answered him and gave him a ratio but here
wcol was no stranger damn he
had 15,000 viewers and a peak of
18 with the passage of time wescol was
surpassing Juan in number and this
caused Juan Guarnizo quite a bit of anger
and I think it really got to him in fact the
first thing he did was ask TV top to
stop releasing his statistics I
imagine so that it wouldn't be so
obvious and the moment he saw that it was
no longer convenient for him to mess with wescol and that he
couldn't crush him in any way
he decided to stop rationing his things and
never mention it again Never again wescol
on the other hand every time he can he throws
a jab at him and every time something goes off about
him he takes the opportunity to give it I don't know if you
know Juan Guarnizo
Yes the same one who told me to  me a
long time ago focus and look where
he is Big and strong and fierce I mean
please brother there are levels if you understand me
and talking about that cool [ __ ] comeback
started this 2024 the truth is I am
very pleased that they are [ __ ]
Juan it fills my heart brother the
truth is it fills my heart a lot do you know
why because I have a saying that I am
going to teach you so that
you also keep it in mind do not
give people the satisfaction
of making you angry never get
angry because someone knocks you down calmly
because sooner or later the misfortunes of
those people will make you very happy and
I stayed there and waited and you are daddy I
know that you should not believe in
misfortunes I should not believe I mean no It
should be like that but the truth is I
sincerely feel happy I sincerely do not think that Juan
will ever reach wc again but you never
know you know how this world is right
now wesc multiplies
Juan's numbers by five he is
an influencer that wesco
was dating for a couple of months in 2023
and according to  Dallas said in one of her
videos through a friend she received
that there was a video where wesc
pushed her if there was something so serious
really between you that
even the sister of this
girl who is apparently a friend of this
influencer is saying that there are videos of El wescol
how he hits this girl and by the way
now that I'm reading I think she deleted the
message Uy Right now I'm sure
eh but I think the girl deleted the
message or I haven't read it I'm not
very sure the truth But I know and I remember
100% because later I know that she deleted messages
But I remember 100% that she was
telling me that this influencer had a
video of how it was proven that wescol
had physically assaulted her and here
look here is the perfect proof here I
ask her and I saw the aggression Where is it
then the girl responds to me with these
audios and tells me the following I think I
screwed up by telling you nothing and well
probably that's it So I'm not even going to
listen to it because it probably happened to me
General you silenced me
Honestly that was a controversy
that I didn't have to get involved in at all
the truth  I went bu loose it was an
intimacy that my sister was
telling me in confidence through her friend and I
already told you I have no contact with her
at all and maybe I will tell her
this considering that I do not
know her I do not know if she wants to talk about the subject I do not
know how it will be strongly for well what is
coming to her in case of talking so
the truth is I am sorry if I
wasted your time with so much stuff
Maria Well he had pushed her and he
had a video Well in which he pushed her
and well as if he spoke to her very badly
very such but it is not like he has
ever hit anything like that etcetera I do
not know if I am doing well as detailing
more things because I feel that a
small note when I talk about aggression
a push is also an aggression okay
important the girl responded to
Dallas' video defending wc and affirming
that all of this was false and that they
had invented it I mean if they are going to denounce him
for something that he does or does that
is already alien to me but I have to talk
eh about what he lived with me or what
is being said or escel to  he didn't
mistreat me or escel didn't push me or
escel he hasn't done absolutely
anything to me I find it too strange that
suddenly a sister of your friend comments on
all these things in great
detail and it turns out to be a lie that she
made it up I think I have
nothing against him and he doesn't have
anything against me either so I have to
come out and clarify that but of course it would be
crazy to think about the number of followers that
this girl gained for having been
with wcol those two months collaborating with him and that she would
probably lose a large part if she
turns against him or who knows what it's
incredible that people have to go and
damage someone's image
simply because of eh number of views for
eh fame that's wrong so I had to come
out and clarify that but of course
people are very bad because they think very badly
of wcol man if you are a narcissist Tell
the world Ema that you hit me
pregnant and let's see but these
accusations are being
seen hitting a woman it may be
passable but pregnant here in another
click I share with you below we can
see wcol with another ex balca a couple
of months ago  where for some reason
I don't know they start joking about
gender violence I'm Melo I already know Oh
baby what a
sin Okay, those girls who
mistreat me let them say things the truth
the other time saying that it's that I
hit him that I almost hit him [ __ ] that I
found him with a black guy well obviously
I got scared to talk evidently
they're probably joking about the
subject for some reason I don't know they find it
funny but Ask me something
Ask me anything Ask me something
baby Yes Tell me anything don't
answer the poor relax that at night
what are you trying to say with at
night we solve it
can you pretend that you didn't make that comment so that we don't argue right you have to behave like a man I'm sure Shelby doesn't treat his wife like that okay You think I'm imitating Tomas Shelby who's imitating I'm imitating him at that time we threw some
punches there are still a few left
that are representing but at
that time we all represent the I don't know you
still hit
Oh yeah V keep going  with your comments we'll
fix in the morning we'll fix how
about talk like a d respect me like you
're a gamine from the neighborhood talk
like a woman saying that I am respect me
can you have a little consideration
with me
Oh baby Baby baby My God but
finally wol being wol ends up
making an unfortunate comment he's going to tell me
go talk go talk let's talk let's talk Come on I'll start I'll start well I'll
start people I'll start I'll kill
people to speak clearly like in ancient times
look in ancient times the woman
couldn't stop him because she had to
sit down washing dishes I didn't kill you I
said I was going to kill her I killed her with that okay okay
with no I sent her to sleep we return
to the kinly which is a subject that we touched on
at the beginning of the video and now it's
perfect for me to remember another of his that
wescol did the moment he
came in and had to form a team you know
that for example ibay brought in Ronaldinho I
think that several of the
team presidents have brought in
professional players who are already  retired for
some reason to play in their teams
Well, wescol being wescol Who was
going to put in a soccer player who was
retired because he was convicted of hitting
his partner Sebastian Villa
good player player with level player who was
kicked out of Boca Juniors because He had a
controversy where he was found guilty because he
hit his wife and lost his career
basically that's the summary that I
know but eh that wcol likes him and that
he thinks it's a lie that it didn't happen
that he was convicted but that didn't happen
I'm really going to say something to me that
[ __ ] I don't know if this can be
funable daddy but I say it from my
point of view he seems like a
very cool person I've had many many
Well I've had several turns daddy to
talk to him and everything I don't know the
controversy really I would say that it's a
lie from what I've seen of him you
understand I mean from my point of
view Daddy I don't want you to fun me and no
I don't know the story but to me he
seems like a very good person gonorrhea he
has treated he has treated me very well don't say
anything about that daddy  I say what I
think, I say to me he seems like a
good person, you know nothing my bro, do you know
if it's real, a big lie? You don't know
how those turns work, I don't know, hon, it
seems to me that Herman is a good person,
what I'm saying and already get upset
you have your point of view and to me what
I've seen without knowing anything about what has
happened, it seems to me that he is an
incredible person who defended the
webc regardless of what it is, I don't
want them to funnel me because daddy they
are funning everyone who puts
Cosco in God, they are
funning everyone really hard, daddy they are going to funnify me
too, but as a streamer because this
is a list of streamers we are not
making a list of people and
as a person, Cosco fell for me,
brother, for me Cosco is a God because he
is one of the first streamers and
thanks to him many things exist
right now like irl because he was the one who
represented dude Twitch at that time
So for me he is a
Twitch legend dude he was one of the first to
come out  defend koku claiming that he doesn't care what he
did but that he will
be with him no matter what until the
end m and he still hasn't condemned the kku who
totally abused a girl Oh dad,
funar brother, me sending messages to
coscu with coscu yuela daddy, every time I
send something with coscu Uy dog, I
get a lot of hate, not even the
carechimba brother, really, the truth is, but
no, I'm a fan of cco to death pa I don't give a
[ __ ] bro, I mean, I grew up with Costco,
dude, and a true fan, you understand me, I
mean, he's my friend, he's my friend, bro, I can't
abandon a friend, honestly, I don't even I mean,
the truth is, I'm telling you, I never
found out about the funa, I'm not even
aware of the cosco funa. Currently, I
have no idea, I'm not going to comment on that
because commenting on that must be difficult,
but if I did, I would agree, right or
wrong, but I'm not going to comment on that because I don't
want to get into trouble. Oh no, how
scary. I sincerely believe that
we  it is not necessary to even know the opinion, not
only by looking at wcol's profile and what his
condition is, but when he is
saying that if he gives his opinion he will get into
trouble, it will not be because he is going to say,
well, in addition to this, he was humiliated
by a couple of followers with whom he
met, no megel and it is that trying to
defend koku before these two girls he
was completely ridiculous, they know
kcu
s no but for telling him like this, I have a
photo with him, he is my friend Look,
I don't know if you found out about
your little friend's controversy, they are going to
denounce you s if you are aware you are
playing the fool no no, I am aware
of everything but but I cannot judge if
I am not there, you understand me, I am not a
judge, friend, the video came out, no, do not
publish on YouTube, please do not publish for us, do not
publish for us how so how do you do
the part where we celebrate with
applause yes no the part that we do with our
eyes no please No, I feel that
one has to, I mean, I feel that I am not a
judge, any person to
judge another person without being there, well
but what your friend did is wrong, yes it
may be wrong but he will have to
fix it in court if he is guilty of course
I recognize when my friends do
something wrong Wait, I've had my head
in a thousand things lately and I don't want to be
left anything out, or rather, in this cli he
said that yes He is aware of everything but
that the opinion should be left to a
judge Here you are aware of everything but
a while ago in the ot cli you said that you
had no idea about the funa the girl
is giving you a hard time and the only thing
you can think to say is that if czu is
guilty a judge will have to decide it
but if a judge convicts
a soccer player who is your
friend of gender violence you don't believe it's the web what a
character let's say that wescol also
has a bit of a homophobic, transphobic,
transphobic, he has everything apart from being
sexist And it seems that he also
has some kind of problem with the
existence of people in the world who are
attracted to people of the
same gender Well really he doesn't have
any problem with them he doesn't have
any problem  with these people
as long as they stay away from
him so they don't get infected
this time he invited this
influencer named Isa londoo to his house and created
an awkward situation because he
can joke about two girls
kissing but if the girl decides to
joke with him to kiss another
boy that is not normal between women it is
normal a woman kisses against a
normal woman and a man should be
normal too there is no machismo
But but well sea me that I kiss him a
little I don't like it well with How do you
say it so they don't burn me on the networks
with the people who play for both
teams well Ah okay Okay case bro bro
It's that I don't like it bro how Give me a kiss
with
elend it's not that Ah I mean you don't like it I don't
G the man who is seen kissing another
man all good ready okay but it doesn't
come from you Aha how are you going to say no
super respectable you would be with a
Man who is with another Man No well I became
a gay boyfriend the story a boy who
kisses another boy is very little man and
women have to run away from him for
good for good that a woman has to
be with someone really masculine [ __ ]
an obvious How is she going to be with someone who
is with another Man that is delicate well then
start
differently No well in my opinion well not
a kiss is that a kiss that is serious a kiss
is like a kiss given by mistake
a kiss given by mistake like
if you greet from kiss here and the other one
goes over there and a kiss has already happened Well
give him a kiss reunion not to me that I
don't care about that [ __ ] me and my opinion well
my opinion a woman should be with a
man Yes I also respect
men who are with men I
respect it from afar obviously it ended badly
with this colleague because the girl you
only have to look at her face
while this is happening the girl
is super uncomfortable he also the
girl was hit really hard The
Followers of wbc Meanwhile he
reaffirmed his words it seems fine to me that
is what he thinks to say the opposite
would be false but what did not seem
very correct to me is the reaction he had with
a girl who called him homophobic in the
comments and  wcol responded saying
that he would break his entire face.
The old lady is already saying that it's
likely that I made out with
Leandro yes or what so here in
this video I'm saying that I'm not going to make out
with Leandro and that women
should learn and understand that if
a woman is and wants to be with a
man she should really be with a
son of a [ __ ] man or not. If I were an
old lady I want to be with a [ __ ] who
is masculine, a dude, be a [ __ ],
prove to be a man who
can defend me in
difficult times if there are women who don't
like that there they are. I told her I'm not
going to kiss and I'm not going to kiss
Leandro It disgusts me to say this because
I don't feel gay I don't like to do it
and already bro you're getting mad and you're
telling me that I'm homophobic and it's
true, a [ __ ] joke literally Cucho
I don't understand why they don't respect
opinions and already son of a [ __ ] people I mean I'm
obligatorily a [ __ ] I have to want
a gay The fact is that this chick
Isabela Isabela londoo is being
canceled very very  very hard because the
old lady had a very gonorrheal attitude
[ __ ] I say it Here on Stream the
old lady obviously had a very
gonorrheal attitude Cucho that's good the old lady
had a very gonorrheal attitude Well I saw
the video and if it was uncomfortable parse it
was very uncomfortable to see
her attitude What a macho and
unpleasant attitude those guys have I would
have spit in Isabela's face
from minute one Mara Pablo
would have spit in my face and
knocked out those teeth of a son of a [ __ ]
double elbow triple kick and he's
never going to enter my house and take out
clique on tiktok dude because I don't give a
[ __ ] Tomorrow it's going to be cool
tomorrow the burned one is going to be triple
because of what I just said no and it's capable
of making the comments start Oh I can't
believe that a man is capable of
hitting a chick in the face Oh no no no that
and all this when he himself
justifies his homophobia in the environment in which he
grew up which is very  homophobic gy
esc I have I have a little bit of homophobia
I have a little bit that I have a
little bit but no no no it's not homophobia I mean
in reality it's not homophobia it is It is it is the
environment in which one was raised in
recent times it has been confirmed that
wcol is hanging out with Aida Merlano again
the video would be very long for me in fact it
is a very long video if I tell you
the whole context of Ida Merlano and how she has been
pointing out sexist comments from other
sexist or misogynistic creators according to
her well Listening to this from
just a few days ago about what wc thinks And
what he would do in the event that one of
his children turned out trans I want my
son to turn out trans dude there he says no
[ __ ] that son of a [ __ ] happens to him because he doesn't
want his son to be trans I don't
want it dude now they're going to criticize me
because I don't want my son to bring me
trans Now if he told me I turn out trans it would be
very different what would my reaction be
obviously my reaction is going to be to support him
support him against a  wall and shove a
stick in it so that he sees that it's not good
dude has a solution for people
Trump shove a stick up your ass he must have
forgotten that he thinks that when someone
shoves something up your ass your
testosterone levels drop we could end
the year with a baby perfectly outside
what with a baby outside How so I mean already
outside Not outside Not in the belly Ah well
obviously we can still end the
year with a baby in the belly one day when you
least expect it I'll stick my finger in it
say absolutely nothing it's not
a great deal Uy No because you don't
comply no baby but because you didn't
comply You know that there are men who have
become real because of that I mean you say that if
I stick my finger in it you're automatically going to
want super it has nothing to do with it
Oh baby there are men that have happened to that in
life but that has nothing to do with it
Not that attacking a
man's manhood I don't know whether to laugh or cry I mean there are
men who have lost their
manhood because they stick their finger in their ass
Of course wcol because you have a
reset button there that you shouldn't  click because there
are many times that it bugs and you have to
update Windows because
if not you don't hit the mark mother of God 2024 and there are
people who think like this and I already know what you
're putting in the
comment box many of you he will know
what he's missing notice how he refers
to a non-binary girl who made a titto giving her
opinion on one of his controversies I don't
know if it's only me with this
thought about the relationship that
huesco has and with bc but from my point of
view the place that you're giving to BC
[ __ ] is not the correct one like
as a person who works Teo a lot
but as a man in a fatal relationship hisar
that we are
working V you see that your girlfriend only uses her
cell phone out of discomfort as normal and doesn't
say anything bro I don't care if you
think the same as me or not, nor if she
agrees with this or not or if
someone is going to agree with me the point with
this of mine is that the female girlfriend and the
partner with whom you have decided bro to
share your life is respected and is given
a place because it will be that all the
followers of these people like that  dude they
look like that so that they do
n't even know what they are dudes really I mean now I'm going to
throw now it's my turn to throw daddy
how am I going to pay attention to a
person who doesn't know I don't even know
what a man a woman a
Transformer an H Wheels a jigan is I don't know
what it is then if I don't even know if
a person is known or not how am I
going to pay attention to him daddy really I mean it's
already making me this [ __ ] rage
pa and they're all women see they're all
women women women who are starting to give their
opinion daddy I don't know if it's a man
or a woman a Hot Wheels or a B jigan
daddy a Hot Wheels a Bad jigan bro I
mean Carl Carl keeps telling me that they're
going to attack me that they're going to what a lazy hon
people are so sensitive H really well I
said that he looked like a hotw a Transformer
a Bad jigan and Carlos is worried
because he thinks they're going to denounce me but
really you know that I threw him out because
I got really angry at the moment the worst thing is
that while he said it he was
laughing because he thinks he is  a
response based eh I mean don't think it
's a hothead that regrets it he
thinks it's based with this
response the controversy that we're going to
comment on below a classic
what wc would do to his friend if he
shows up at home and has turned gaya if he
turns gay and starts filling the house
with guys no never that's right no daddy that S
already hon they can tell me whatever they want
bro but that S not my thing Ah He is a
homophobe with zero dog So let them do
their [ __ ] and what a son of a [ __ ] be a
cacorro because they don't bring me another Man
here not even for the [ __ ] Well I turn on aor if he
likes it so much to be [ __ ] in the ass I'll
make another 17 holes for him to be [ __ ] by
Uy daddy I'll kill him [ __ ] don't come
around here to screw up my [ __ ] life let
his [ __ ] do but stay away from me
[ __ ] because I have to put up with
that [ __ ] never in my life pa this
controversy led to a debate with d
review in which wescol and his
bodyguards They showed off I'm going to give you
a little bit of the debate so you
understand the level although I don't think you
expect much more he's a friend of yours You
weren't a friend of gays you're not a
friend of gays in general but it's that
in general Why do they take that like that in
general one speaks in general many
times if you get offended it's because you have
something hidden too [ __ ]
but how do you have so many So much [ __ ] nerve
dude I mean you're sensing me
something you have to hide after
saying that you're going to shoot them it's not
literal and everyone knows that
it's not so literal Oh my God but it
's sarcasm daddy I mean sarcasm is something
that you don't think about you know what hon you that
are gay why don't you come into my house to
see what I do to you how come in my house I
know that you're a thug and you haven't said it
why don't you come into my house to see if I
'm going to shoot you I invited you to have
a coffee dude let's hang out there I'm
not interested And you  you're a cacorro brother
really do you want to fix that come to
Medellin I'll invite you to my house and let's see what I'm
going to do with you Let's see if I'm going to
shoot you it's it's it's it feels like I'm talking
to I don't know with with two diq it's that no to me there
was a specific part that caught my
attention in this debate because
wcol was supposed to defend himself
that he was not homophobic in
any way but
nevertheless Listening to this well with people out of
nowhere you understand me that's the preg
problem I mean you're telling me that you have to
introduce all the girls to your friends before being
with them in bed they're debating
about what wcol would do if a friend of his
showed up with a boyfriend or with a fling and
wanted to sleep with him at his house wesco
is defending him that if a friend shows up
with a boy no way he's not even going to think about it
but if he shows up with a girl
yeah no right but it's that no but it's that
you're I mean literally you're
playing so
literally you realize that you're not
responding to the thing that I'm
telling you and  you're saying is that you don't
take it too literally and you still haven't
answered me What makes it
different that you brought
girls there to do things with
her would be different than him
doing it Okay for us there you will see
how you want to take it because that is
already between you two but for us who
have known each other for a long
time a woman is more normal the
question is obviously that you haven't
let me finish brother you have to
let me finish talking finish
finish That for you it is very normal that
a friend of yours with whom you have known for a
while out of nowhere appears with a man and
whatever that is something that with
women It is normal I could bore you
here putting a compilation of
misogynistic comments from wbc to people
and I'm going to do it throw being a woman and not
depending on a man and having money Ah
no it is there is no woman who feels that
The truth is what it must feel like to be a woman and
knowing that you need a man to be able to
buy your things Let's think God
is God and God is a man yes or what we all
know that God is that with all due respect
and for women  men
above always what a
clue a woman doesn't
displease me I don't mind being born a woman daddy what will it
feel like to be a woman what will it feel like to
put two fingers in your [ __ ] and feel
excited what will it feel like dude to have your
ass broken and your ass hurts and after
that you want them to keep breaking it
all those things what will it feel like washing
dishes all night dude tell me if
you guys wouldn't want dude to have that
curiosity being a woman is a very
strange world for a Toast for a Friday at
the house a Toast because God allowed us to
have a vagina and noin Because if
we had a vagina at that moment we wouldn't
be streaming but we
would be sweeping
the sincerely I have little to comment
on these clips I think they speak
for themselves she comes and says to
one wash the pressure cooker after
making beans she thinks that's
easy the mother of one thinks that's
easy look at all the moms I'm going to
tell you something you were born to talk
pressure cookers don't get us involved
in your mess for a woman who licks you  the
boxers oh oh oh be very careful with those be
very careful with those because that is
literally a marriage, dude, a
woman that you see and she's there hitting
the boxers dude Oh oh oh
wash them by hand Oh my God, most holy that, that, that is not
seen anymore, no, since they
invented washing machines the best
invention for women was washing machines
because now they don't have to and it
happens to them, what [ __ ] what I just said
tells me a lot that I'm a misogynist and
I still don't understand the word Well I
still don't know what it is I'm not able to see
this I'm not able I can't keep watching
this shitty topic I can't brother and
he broke all the things But you know that
I broke up before I made this
song Let's talk about that because it's not
necessary I already understood the video clip the
video clip is that Aida introduces him to many
women and none of them work with him okay
Okay ahg it reminds me if Aida was the one
this girl who makes videos on the internet
supposedly she is empowered that was the
same one who empowers herself  with
men I remember or so You're trying
to tell me that women are a catalog
of one that one can choose Because if that's the case
then I would also like to
have a few You know or so can someone
confirm for me if it's the same in fact wcol
applauded Qatar when she was there on a
visit for having such harsh laws
with the bandits You know what
bandits are Well that here in Qatar there are no
female bandits Are you
listening? The women of Medellin,
Pereira and Bucaramanga are there Oh I don't
forget They are not listening to what
I'm saying there are no
female bandits Because if here
a female bandit were to escape They wouldn't just
throw her in jail but they would
whip her or they could throw
stones at her She's good There are no female bandits, there are no
bad ones, there are no evil ones It's paradise
An old woman from Medellin touches these lands
and her foot melts It's impressive
Learn because they are breaking our
hearts All those female bandits with medals They
have us jac corros Why don't they
learn like this Why aren't they like here
Family I'm leaving  Here is the video, it seemed really
long to me, the truth is
that I only wanted a couple of things and
to ask Chosa because I want to
learn from the [ __ ] crack. Which of all
these contents makes Wesco worthy
of the Eslam? I want to know, but Wesco
deserves it, he deserved the top four, the
truth is, he deserved it, I think to be
honest, he deserved it, he had a great
year. I will be reading the
comments box, participate with respect, more
than an hour and a half of Bruto.
At least give me a like and
share this video, see you soon in the
next video. Bye bye family.
Hugs. Game
[Music]
Over